index down2 middle < index down2 index
index down2 ring > index down2 middle
middle down1 index < index down2 index
ring up1 pinky > middle down1 index
ring up1 pinky > index down2 index
ring same ring < index down2 index
ring same ring > middle down1 index
index down1 middle < index down2 index
index down1 middle < ring same ring
index down1 middle > middle down1 index
ring down1 index < ring same ring
ring down1 index < index down1 middle
ring down1 index > middle down1 index
middle same pinky > ring same ring
middle same pinky < ring up1 pinky
middle same pinky < index down2 index
pinky down1 ring > ring same ring
pinky down1 ring > index down2 index
pinky down1 ring < ring up1 pinky
pinky same index < middle same pinky
pinky same index > index down1 middle
pinky same index < ring same ring
pinky up2 pinky > ring same ring
pinky up2 pinky < pinky down1 ring
pinky up2 pinky > index down2 index
ring down2 index = middle same pinky
ring down2 index < pinky down1 ring
ring down2 index < pinky up2 pinky
ring down2 index < index down2 index
pinky same pinky > middle same pinky
pinky same pinky < pinky up2 pinky
pinky same pinky < index down2 index
pinky same pinky > ring down2 index
pinky same middle > ring down2 index
pinky same middle < pinky up2 pinky
pinky same middle < index down2 index
pinky same middle < pinky same pinky
middle same ring < ring down2 index
middle same ring < pinky same index
middle same ring > ring down1 index
middle same ring < index down1 middle
index down1 pinky > ring down2 index
index down1 pinky < pinky up2 pinky
index down1 pinky < pinky same pinky
index down1 pinky > pinky same middle
ring down2 ring > ring down2 index
ring down2 ring > index down2 index
ring down2 ring < pinky down1 ring
ring down2 ring < pinky up2 pinky
middle up2 index > pinky same middle
middle up2 index < ring down2 ring
middle up2 index < pinky same pinky
middle up2 index > index down1 pinky
middle up1 middle > pinky same middle
middle up1 middle < ring down2 ring
middle up1 middle < pinky same pinky
middle up1 middle = middle up2 index
index up2 middle < index down1 pinky
index up2 middle < pinky same index
index up2 middle > middle same ring
index up2 middle < index down1 middle
ring down2 middle > pinky same middle
ring down2 middle > index down2 index
ring down2 middle > pinky down1 ring
ring down2 middle > ring up1 pinky
pinky down2 ring > index down1 pinky
pinky down2 ring > ring down2 ring
pinky down2 ring > ring up1 pinky
pinky down2 ring = ring down2 middle
ring same index < index down1 pinky
ring same index < pinky same index
ring same index < middle same ring
ring same index < ring down1 index
ring same index = middle down1 index
index down2 ring > index down1 pinky
index down2 ring < pinky up2 pinky
index down2 ring > pinky same pinky
index down2 ring < ring down2 ring
index down2 ring < index down2 index
index up1 pinky < index down1 pinky
index up1 pinky > index down1 middle
index up1 pinky > middle same pinky
index up1 pinky > pinky same middle
middle down1 ring < index down1 pinky
middle down1 ring > pinky same index
middle down1 ring > ring down2 index
middle down1 ring < index up1 pinky
middle down1 ring > pinky same middle
middle up1 pinky > index up1 pinky
middle up1 pinky < ring down2 ring
middle up1 pinky < pinky same pinky
middle up1 pinky = middle up2 index
middle up1 pinky < middle up1 middle
index down1 index > index down1 pinky
index down1 index < ring down2 ring
index down1 index > pinky same pinky
index down1 index < index down2 index
index down1 index > index down2 ring
ring down1 ring > index down1 pinky
ring down1 ring < index down2 index
ring down1 ring > pinky same pinky
ring down1 ring > index down1 index
middle same index < middle up2 index
middle same index < ring same ring
middle same index < middle same ring
middle same index < ring same index
middle same index < middle down1 index
index up1 ring < index same pinky
index down1 ring > index up1 ring
index down1 ring > index same pinky
pinky up1 ring > index same pinky
pinky up1 ring = index down1 ring
pinky up2 middle > index down1 ring
pinky up2 middle = pinky up1 ring
pinky same ring > index down1 ring
pinky same ring < pinky up2 middle
pinky same ring < pinky up1 ring
ring same middle < pinky same ring
ring same middle < index same pinky
ring same middle = index up1 ring
pinky down2 pinky > index down1 ring
pinky down2 pinky > pinky up1 ring
pinky down2 pinky > pinky up2 middle
pinky same index < pinky same ring
pinky same index < index same pinky
pinky same index > ring same middle
middle same ring < index down1 ring
middle same ring > ring same middle
index same ring < index down1 ring
index same ring > middle same ring
index same ring < index same pinky
index same ring < pinky same index
index down1 pinky > index same pinky
index down1 pinky < pinky up1 ring
index down1 pinky = pinky same ring
